Prompt: Examples of dreams and scene seperation:    I am in my old house, but I am not a child. I am searching for something and I'm afraid that I may get
caught. I am not supposed to be here. It's middle of the night now and dark. I am about to leave, but I
realize someone is there. I go back to the house and I wake up.
OUT:
Scene 1: A grown man stands in an old house, illuminated by a single lightbulb. He is searching intently,while looking worried,it's night outside.
Scene 2: A grown man is about to leave, he looks back and sees a person in the window.
My dream setting is in a classroom, like a yoga studio.
The floors are wood, there's lots of mats laying down, the walls are a warm buttery yellow and the lighting is soft.
It looks like a typical yoga studio. I'm on my mat and I'm working something out of my body.
All the postures that I normally do, I'm trying them sideways and upside down and backwards.
I'm amazed that this approach is actually working and it doesn't feel strenuous on my body 
and I wonder why I never thought about doing it this way before.
OUT:
Scene 1: View of a yoga studio, the floors are wooden with mats on them, and the walls are butter yellow, illuminated by soft light.
Scene 2: A person is at the yoga studio, on the mat doing yoga, but the postures are sideways and upside down.
My dream last night started in a cold stark landscape at twilight. I was just standing there.
I like twilight. I was feeling rather calmed by it. Around the corner comes a wolf.
I just watched it doing its loping thing - it wasn't running, it wasn't walking - it was just doing its brisk lope. It was panting.
I was standing there admiring it. Then it went around another corner and was gone.
I didn't follow it. But I feel like it actually led to something, though I can't remember the rest of the dream.
OUT:
Scene 1: A person stands in a cold stark landscape at twilight.
Scene 2: A wolf starts loping around a standing person.
Scene 3: A person watches the wolf loping around them admiringly.    
    Give short visual descriptions of the scenes in the following:    
    I am with bunch of my old partners. The mood is up and we are having a good time. We own an orchard together and a bird is talking and hurting the business. I do not see the bird or think about it much, but I am aware of it. We joke that the talking bird could have an accident. We all laugh.Output: 
OUT:
Scene 1: A group of people in a happy mood, standing in an orchard.
Scene 2: The group joking about a talking bird that is hurting their business.
Scene 3: Everyone laughing at the joke about the bird having an accident.
########################
